USE CASE(S): Colour functionality, selection tool
2025-07-11: added src, main, and java path to store project files

2025-07-18: added brush button, selection tool, other required files
updated some logic to canvasState and Drawing canvas as needed.
2023-07-23: selection tool done long ago, added functionality to make a button round,
color wheel button done awaiting implementation of menu pop up to choose new color. To be
updated in ColorChooserButton.java
2025-07-24: completed logic and added colorwheel, able to choose and update current color selected,
math and logic complete. added to the pop up dialog frame as a jpanel.
2025-07-26: fixed all button functionality issues, pen/brush is able to change color, icon for colorwheel updated,
pop up dialog for colorwheel functionality finished. Going to work on finishing selection tool implementation into drawing
canvas and colorwheel icon into colorwheelbutton.
2025-07-26 second: color hover buttons work, indication of which selected button/color, colorwheel icon within button works,
everything related with button and usecase under package changecolor works (Clean architechture). Basic code for selection tool
done under canvas. Selection tool edited for object use only. Selected area/rectangle functionality, i.e. take everything inside
rectangle and move it.
2025-07-27: selection tool able to select, drag, and move colorstrokes to different areas. base funtionality completed
forgot to mention changecolor package under usecase also done for brushstrokes.
2025-08-02: prevously selected and pasted area not being able to be whited out bug fixed !!!!!
selection tool finally able to select new areas and always white out whatevers selected
, currently fixing layering issues regarding being able to draw over previous selected white out areas.
2025-08-02: implemented basic functionality of undo and redo with selection tool. Working on layering
issue of not being able to draw over pasted selections, working on that!
added cut and pasterecord to keep track of selected and pasted selections.
2025-08-03: selection tool functionality fully functional, all bugs related to layering, drawing new strokes or erasing
solved. Going to start on refactoring drawing canvas code. Fixed small bug where first item on
the actionhistory stacks wouldnt undo or be able to redo from first deleted item.
2025-08-04: added marching ants effect to selection box border, fixed selection tool selections
and stack interaction from previous selected pasted region wouldnt display until original selection
of objects then show entire pasted region. Cut out region wouldnt redisplay when undoing.